shows/game-development-girls.md, before:

# Game Development Girls

| Date   | Episode | Link(s)                                                                                                        |
|--------|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 160725 | 01      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-1/) |
| 160725 | 02      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-2/) |
| 160725 | 03      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-3/) |
| 160725 | 04      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-4/) |
| 160725 | 05      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-5/) |
| 160725 | 06      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-6/) |
| 160801 | 07      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-sub-160801-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-7/) |
| 160801 | 08      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-sub-160801-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-8/) |
| 160801 | 09      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-160801-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-09/)            |
| 160801 | 10      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-160801-irene-game-development-girls-ep-10/)                      |
| 160801 | 11      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-sub-160801-actress-irene-game-development-girls-ep-11-final/)    |

Commit message:

shows/: add more shows, synopsis, descriptions
add links to shows/ from variety_shows.md

shows/game-development-girls.md, after:

# Game Development Girls
_Synopsis: A drama based on a webtoon which depicts and builds a connection through the story of young women who work at a mobile game company._
__

| Date   | Episode | Link(s)                                                                                                        |
|--------|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 160725 | 01      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-1/) |
| 160725 | 02      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-2/) |
| 160725 | 03      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-3/) |
| 160725 | 04      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-4/) |
| 160725 | 05      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-5/) |
| 160725 | 06      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/07/25/eng-sub-160725-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-6/) |
| 160801 | 07      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-sub-160801-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-7/) |
| 160801 | 08      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-sub-160801-actress-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-8/) |
| 160801 | 09      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-160801-irene-game-development-girls-web-drama-ep-09/)            |
| 160801 | 10      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-160801-irene-game-development-girls-ep-10/)                      |
| 160801 | 11      | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2016/08/01/eng-sub-160801-actress-irene-game-development-girls-ep-11-final/)    |
