shows/instagram-lives.md, before:

# Instagram Lives

|  Date  | Title                                      | Members       | Subbed |              Notes              | Links                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|:------:|--------------------------------------------|---------------|:------:|:-------------------------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 170313 | Instagram Live with Saeron                 | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/LPsZ4sxvqKo)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170420 | Instagram Live with Saeron                 | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ap6bGxy9uTI)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170428 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/2XT6qCfWCU4)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170521 | Instagram Live in Indonesia                | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/iNXasmLt9kA)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170523 | Instagram Live in Malaysia                 | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/R5FYDwWEyoo)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 171127 | Instagram Live                             | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/-LlHmPBizd8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 171130 | Instagram Live with Saeron                 | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2017/11/30/eng-171130-yeri-insta-live-w-saeron/) // [MEGA](https://mega.nz/#!dwp1EaRQ!P5QUG1U2gqiU5VVpflUctXZ9tCHNHy_uHajcmgV1i1Y) // [KB][171130_kb_ig] |
| 180520 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/Y6PQLDraRoA)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 180707 | Instagram Live with Joy                    | Joy           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/3eMfxLTMq-k)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 180722 | Instagram Live in Japan                    | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/4Wae2wVYWa8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181202 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/yqgYi3z_Ilc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181210 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/W46th1zcNVc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181224 | Christmas Eve Busking with Wendy           | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/c1tdnIolchk)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181225 | Christmas Insta-live with Irene and Seulgi | Irene, Seulgi |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/XUpX3um8T9g)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190214 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/bs6UKf2rrd8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190427 | Instagram Live in Vietnam                  | IR,JO,SG,WD   |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/S6DHz5ndhTs)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190630 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/jTPvAZ_X0L0)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190707 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/RmCvmOMm7XI)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190801 | Red Velvet 5th Anniversary Instagram Live  | IR,SG,WD      |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/rivpcqttZHg)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190818 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/07uSondP16E) // [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15_y7SSxl_1QWA4FGiOE757C7tuRFnMLx/view)                                                       |
| 191130 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/cfR6fdW0BW8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 191222 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/YaCZZ2JDBcw)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200112 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/_LFX_LTkKNo)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200210 | Seulgi Birthday Instagram Live             | Seulgi        |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/DOBavWPAoXc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200307 | Yeri Birthday Instagram Live               | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ZwA80E07DhE)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200329 | Irene Birthday Instagram Live              | Irene         |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/R5UMhe0N8cE)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200514 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/AazweNR0W-I)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200515 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [Yermbear][yermbear]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/12n-HRwQWy0)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200519 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |   No   |       with RV Dancer May        | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ABirkTHjblw)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200527 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   |        with TWICE Nayeon        | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/_jAvazYNVS4)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200611 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/tn0AdOYlG20)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200625 | Instagram Live with Joy                    | Joy           |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/C5jB8q-1QcM)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200705 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/08EHwfewpn4)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200717 | Yeri's Room Instagram Live with Yeri       | Yeri          |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/WpYetvw5lUw)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200729 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/xv41UJHOwfc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200811 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/nZNXRP9vXdU)                                                                                                                                                 |

&#x200b;

[171130_kb_ig]:https://telemaxus.keybase.pub/rv/livestream/171130%20Yeri%20Instagram%20Live%20w%20Saeron.mp4

[warmblue]:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC74OVvBafaQKD2RBOvhK_XQ
[rvus]:https://revelupsubs.com/
[yermbear]:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2ovJWPCbyGSKzlrQ4uq88w

Commit message:

livestreams: add 200903 Joy bday instagram live

shows/instagram-lives.md, after:

# Instagram Lives

|  Date  | Title                                      | Members       | Subbed |              Notes              | Links                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|:------:|--------------------------------------------|---------------|:------:|:-------------------------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 170313 | Instagram Live with Saeron                 | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/LPsZ4sxvqKo)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170420 | Instagram Live with Saeron                 | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ap6bGxy9uTI)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170428 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/2XT6qCfWCU4)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170521 | Instagram Live in Indonesia                | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/iNXasmLt9kA)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 170523 | Instagram Live in Malaysia                 | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/R5FYDwWEyoo)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 171127 | Instagram Live                             | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/-LlHmPBizd8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 171130 | Instagram Live with Saeron                 | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [RVUS](https://revelupsubs.com/2017/11/30/eng-171130-yeri-insta-live-w-saeron/) // [MEGA](https://mega.nz/#!dwp1EaRQ!P5QUG1U2gqiU5VVpflUctXZ9tCHNHy_uHajcmgV1i1Y) // [KB][171130_kb_ig] |
| 180520 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/Y6PQLDraRoA)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 180707 | Instagram Live with Joy                    | Joy           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/3eMfxLTMq-k)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 180722 | Instagram Live in Japan                    | OT5           |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/4Wae2wVYWa8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181202 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/yqgYi3z_Ilc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181210 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/W46th1zcNVc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181224 | Christmas Eve Busking with Wendy           | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/c1tdnIolchk)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 181225 | Christmas Insta-live with Irene and Seulgi | Irene, Seulgi |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/XUpX3um8T9g)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190214 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/bs6UKf2rrd8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190427 | Instagram Live in Vietnam                  | IR,JO,SG,WD   |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/S6DHz5ndhTs)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190630 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/jTPvAZ_X0L0)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190707 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/RmCvmOMm7XI)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190801 | Red Velvet 5th Anniversary Instagram Live  | IR,SG,WD      |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/rivpcqttZHg)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 190818 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/07uSondP16E) // [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15_y7SSxl_1QWA4FGiOE757C7tuRFnMLx/view)                                                       |
| 191130 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/cfR6fdW0BW8)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 191222 | Instagram Live with Wendy                  | Wendy         |  Yes   | subbed by [warm blue][warmblue] | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/YaCZZ2JDBcw)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200112 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/_LFX_LTkKNo)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200210 | Seulgi Birthday Instagram Live             | Seulgi        |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/DOBavWPAoXc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200307 | Yeri Birthday Instagram Live               | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ZwA80E07DhE)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200329 | Irene Birthday Instagram Live              | Irene         |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/R5UMhe0N8cE)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200514 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/AazweNR0W-I)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200515 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [Yermbear][yermbear]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/12n-HRwQWy0)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200519 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |   No   |       with RV Dancer May        | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ABirkTHjblw)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200527 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   |        with TWICE Nayeon        | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/_jAvazYNVS4)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200611 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/tn0AdOYlG20)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200625 | Instagram Live with Joy                    | Joy           |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/C5jB8q-1QcM)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200705 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/08EHwfewpn4)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200717 | Yeri's Room Instagram Live with Yeri       | Yeri          |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/WpYetvw5lUw)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200729 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |  Yes   | subbed by [RevelUp Subs][rvus]  | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/xv41UJHOwfc)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200811 | Instagram Live with Yeri                   | Yeri          |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/nZNXRP9vXdU)                                                                                                                                                 |
| 200903 | Instagram Live with Joy                    | Joy           |   No   |                                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/3ZKnx92Y_RI)                                                                                                                                                 |

&#x200b;

[171130_kb_ig]:https://telemaxus.keybase.pub/rv/livestream/171130%20Yeri%20Instagram%20Live%20w%20Saeron.mp4

[warmblue]:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC74OVvBafaQKD2RBOvhK_XQ
[rvus]:https://revelupsubs.com/
[yermbear]:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2ovJWPCbyGSKzlrQ4uq88w
