shows/jtbc-mysterious-record-shop.md, before:

# Mysterious Record Shop

_Synopsis: A music variety show that introduces 'life stories' and 'life songs' with guests._
___

|  Date  |  Episode \#   |              Subbed               |                    Notes                     | Links                                                                        |
|:------:|:-------------:|:---------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 210113 |   Teaser 1    | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MLXjaknX6nMNjGDfghilZuwlAsZSGrHz/) |
| 210115 |   Teaser 2    | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YAvGvpkGARzi5G-PXEhMSy-_Blyh5oml/) |
| 210118 | D-4 Countdown | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RVvhSkNS4ueebXqcUJsVwd1Dd_4AdmX4/) |
| 210119 | EP. 1 Preview | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IhyJlPFdKsyrRr2hQJdpGgW0ra5KWMLi/) |
| 210121 |  Pre-release  | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] | A 13 minute pre-release video for the series | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oIO5FHw8Ij3v1jICxaJL_oTuLj0QvS6i/) |
| 210122 |       1       |                                   |                                              |                                                                              |
| 210129 |       2       | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NL3YM2K1ba_LakpXr_ERaGVYt6tHs1ns/) |
| 210205 |       3       |                                   |                                              |                                                                              |

[warmblue_tw]:https://www.twitter.com/warmblue0221/

Commit message:

jtbc-mysterious-record-shop: add link to subbed episode 3
also add placeholder for episode 4

shows/jtbc-mysterious-record-shop.md, after:

# Mysterious Record Shop

_Synopsis: A music variety show that introduces 'life stories' and 'life songs' with guests._
___

|  Date  |  Episode \#   |              Subbed               |                    Notes                     | Links                                                                        |
|:------:|:-------------:|:---------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 210113 |   Teaser 1    | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MLXjaknX6nMNjGDfghilZuwlAsZSGrHz/) |
| 210115 |   Teaser 2    | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YAvGvpkGARzi5G-PXEhMSy-_Blyh5oml/) |
| 210118 | D-4 Countdown | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RVvhSkNS4ueebXqcUJsVwd1Dd_4AdmX4/) |
| 210119 | EP. 1 Preview | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IhyJlPFdKsyrRr2hQJdpGgW0ra5KWMLi/) |
| 210121 |  Pre-release  | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] | A 13 minute pre-release video for the series | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oIO5FHw8Ij3v1jICxaJL_oTuLj0QvS6i/) |
| 210122 |       1       |                                   |                                              |                                                                              |
| 210129 |       2       | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NL3YM2K1ba_LakpXr_ERaGVYt6tHs1ns/) |
| 210205 |       3       | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              | [GDrive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vGLjpAcp4Sy6IhqFrvt5DFgMHKjcjwqY/) |
| 210212 |       4       | subbed by [warmblue][warmblue_tw] |                                              |                                                                              |

[warmblue_tw]:https://www.twitter.com/warmblue0221/
