shows/king-of-masked-singer.md, before:

# _King of Mased Singer_

| Date   | Episode | Members | Notes | Links                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|--------|---------|---------|-------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 160124 | 43      | Wendy   |       | [Kshow](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-43.html) // [1st Round Duet](https://youtu.be/cKrs6tyiRr0) // [Solo + Reveal](https://youtu.be/jNRU5NPNAhw)                                                                             |
| 161003 | 79      | Seulgi  |       | [Kshow](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-79.html) // [1st Round Duet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXuXqaANAWY) // [Solo + Reveal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGNo3UeNI7c)                                               |
| 170723 | 121-122 | Joy     |       | [121][170723_121] // [122][170723_122]                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| 191020 | 225-226 | Wendy   |       | [225](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-225.html) // [225 \(Wendy Cut\)](https://vimeo.com/373700002) // [226](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-226.html) // [226 \(Wendy Cut\)](https://vimeo.com/373700104) |

&#x200b;

[170723_121]:https://telemaxus.keybase.pub/rv/variety-shows/King%20of%20Masked%20Singer/King.of.Mask.Singer.E121.mp4
[170723_122]:https://telemaxus.keybase.pub/rv/variety-shows/King%20of%20Masked%20Singer/King.of.Mask.Singer.E122.mp4

Commit message:

shows/: add some synopsis for some shows

shows/king-of-masked-singer.md, after:

# _King of Mased Singer_

_Synopsis: Singers compete one-on-one in three elimination rounds. They are given masks to wear to conceal their identity thus removing factors such as popularity, career and age that could lead to prejudiced voting._
___
| Date   | Episode | Members | Notes | Links                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|--------|---------|---------|-------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 160124 | 43      | Wendy   |       | [Kshow](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-43.html) // [1st Round Duet](https://youtu.be/cKrs6tyiRr0) // [Solo + Reveal](https://youtu.be/jNRU5NPNAhw)                                                                             |
| 161003 | 79      | Seulgi  |       | [Kshow](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-79.html) // [1st Round Duet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXuXqaANAWY) // [Solo + Reveal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGNo3UeNI7c)                                               |
| 170723 | 121-122 | Joy     |       | [121][170723_121] // [122][170723_122]                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| 191020 | 225-226 | Wendy   |       | [225](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-225.html) // [225 \(Wendy Cut\)](https://vimeo.com/373700002) // [226](http://kshow123.net/show/king-of-mask-singer/episode-226.html) // [226 \(Wendy Cut\)](https://vimeo.com/373700104) |

&#x200b;

[170723_121]:https://telemaxus.keybase.pub/rv/variety-shows/King%20of%20Masked%20Singer/King.of.Mask.Singer.E121.mp4
[170723_122]:https://telemaxus.keybase.pub/rv/variety-shows/King%20of%20Masked%20Singer/King.of.Mask.Singer.E122.mp4
