shows/law-of-the-jungle.md, before:

# _Law of the Jungle_

## Law of the Jungle (Mexico) - Seulgi
___
| Date   | Episodes | Notes | Links      |
|--------|----------|-------|------------|
| 180622 | 320      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-320) |
| 180629 | 321      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-321) |
| 180706 | 322      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-322) |
| 180713 | 323      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-323) |
| 180720 | 324      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-324) |

## Law of the Jungle (Thailand) - Yeri
___
| Date   | Episodes | Notes | Links      |
|--------|----------|-------|------------|
| 190615 | 368      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-368) |
| 190622 | 369      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-369) |
| 190629 | 370      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-370) |
| 190706 | 371      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-371) |
| 190713 | 372      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-372) |

Commit message:

shows/: add some synopsis for some shows

shows/law-of-the-jungle.md, after:

# _Law of the Jungle_

_Synopsis: Celebrities are sent to survive in remote locations around the world_

___
## Law of the Jungle (Mexico) - Seulgi
___
| Date   | Episodes | Notes | Links      |
|--------|----------|-------|------------|
| 180622 | 320      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-320) |
| 180629 | 321      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-321) |
| 180706 | 322      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-322) |
| 180713 | 323      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-323) |
| 180720 | 324      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-324) |

## Law of the Jungle (Thailand) - Yeri
___
| Date   | Episodes | Notes | Links      |
|--------|----------|-------|------------|
| 190615 | 368      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-368) |
| 190622 | 369      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-369) |
| 190629 | 370      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-370) |
| 190706 | 371      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-371) |
| 190713 | 372      |       | [KissTVShow](https://kisstvshow.to/Show/Law-of-the-Jungle/Episode-372) |
