shows/level-up-risky-project.md, before:

# _Level Up RISKY Project_

_Synopsis: A spin-off of Red Velvet's Level Up Project featuring Irene & Seulgi_

___
|  Date  | Episode | Notes                          | Link                                                                                 |
|:------:|:-------:|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 200701 |         | Teaser                         | [Program Teaser](https://youtu.be/Soxv8mHcWYM)                                       |
| 200705 |         | Teaser                         | ['Level Up RISKY Project' Coming Soon](https://youtu.be/m_i1eU_f8RI)                 |
| 200707 |         | Teaser                         | ['Level Up RISKY Project' Image Teaser](https://youtu.be/eXkx77_G9gk)                |
| 200708 |    1    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7uz4qm)                             |
| 200708 |    2    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7uz4s3)                             |
| 200709 |         | Teaser                         | ['Level Up Thrilling Project' EP.3-4 (Episode Teaser)](https://youtu.be/vlfebeXfrTo) |
| 200709 |         | Press Conference               | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/qlSnHtfWz70)                                              |
| 200715 |    3    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7v59xs)                             |
| 200715 |    4    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7v5bpp)                             |
| 200723 |    5    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vbl2f)                             |
| 200723 |    6    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vbsc7)                             |
| 200729 |    7    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vgi9c)                             |
| 200729 |    8    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vgiat)                             |
| 200805 |    9    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vlkwb)                             |
| 200805 |   10    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vllas)                             |
| 200812 |   11    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vqrmp)                             |
| 200812 |   12    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vqsei)                             |

[rvus]:https://revelupsubs.com/

Commit message:

level-up-risky-project: add side story episodes

shows/level-up-risky-project.md, after:

# _Level Up RISKY Project_

_Synopsis: A spin-off of Red Velvet's Level Up Project featuring Irene & Seulgi_

___
|  Date  | Episode | Notes                          | Link                                                                                 |
|:------:|:-------:|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 200701 |         | Teaser                         | [Program Teaser](https://youtu.be/Soxv8mHcWYM)                                       |
| 200705 |         | Teaser                         | ['Level Up RISKY Project' Coming Soon](https://youtu.be/m_i1eU_f8RI)                 |
| 200707 |         | Teaser                         | ['Level Up RISKY Project' Image Teaser](https://youtu.be/eXkx77_G9gk)                |
| 200708 |    1    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7uz4qm)                             |
| 200708 |    2    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7uz4s3)                             |
| 200709 |         | Teaser                         | ['Level Up Thrilling Project' EP.3-4 (Episode Teaser)](https://youtu.be/vlfebeXfrTo) |
| 200709 |         | Press Conference               | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/qlSnHtfWz70)                                              |
| 200715 |    3    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7v59xs)                             |
| 200715 |    4    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7v5bpp)                             |
| 200723 |    5    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vbl2f)                             |
| 200723 |    6    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vbsc7)                             |
| 200729 |    7    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vgi9c)                             |
| 200729 |    8    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vgiat)                             |
| 200805 |    9    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vlkwb)                             |
| 200805 |   10    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vllas)                             |
| 200812 |   11    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vqrmp)                             |
| 200812 |   12    | [Subbed by Revelup Subs][rvus] | [Dailymotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7vqsei)                             |

## Side Story

|  Date  | Episode | Notes | Link                                                   |
|:------:|:-------:|:------|:-------------------------------------------------------|
| 200902 |    1    |       | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_zh1J_kduU) |
| 200902 |    2    |       | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7nrZF6hiDY) |
| 200902 |    3    |       | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCQ9zgpR2Gk) |
| 200902 |    4    |       | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV56yDGqypU) |
| 200902 |    5    |       | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0kGEu8ub9g) |

[rvus]:https://revelupsubs.com/
