shows/yeri's-room.md, before:

# _Yeri's Room_

_Synopsis: YERI's very own Youtube reality show! It shows her daily life._

___
| Date   | Episode |                                       Notes                                        | Link                                                                             |
|--------|:-------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 200603 |         | Behind the Scenes for [Yeri's 200515 Instagram live](https://youtu.be/12n-HRwQWy0) | [Teaser - Insta Live Production Presentation\(?\)](https://youtu.be/usjqzAb7ngI) |
| 200605 |         |                            Making posters for the show                             | [Prologue - \#YERI's new mission?!](https://youtu.be/kRLxgQh5wls)                |
| 200608 |   1.1   |                                                                                    | [Lovely Streaming DJ Hot Debut with a Very Special Guest](https://youtu.be/Bkr5N3ySsro) |
| 200610 |   1.2   |                                                                                    | [※BEWARE YERI'S SMEAR ※ 'Yeri' The Talkative On The Grand Opening](https://youtu.be/nhbOzOzxRWc) |
| 200611 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON                                      | [Yeri X Nayeon get's into it](https://youtu.be/fC1WRdaOA_E)                      |
| 200612 |         |                                                                                    | [Behind the Scenes in Yeri's Room #1](https://youtu.be/LnL_4ShOKoA)              |
| 200615 |   2.1   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Our Friendship is So Spicy! It’s The Best!](https://youtu.be/5-40gjivVxI)       |
| 200617 |   2.2   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [A gourmand next to a gourmand 💜 Yeri X Nayeon Gourmand Chemistry](https://youtu.be/Ia_6YXOV3YU) |
| 200619 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Behind the Scene of the Yeri's Room \#2 : The day I meet Nayeon💜](https://youtu.be/oeXL8gXsPVI) |
| 200622 |   3.1   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Kimbap Destroyer Yeri & Back-of-Knife Cutting Master Nayeon! Yeri's Cooking Show Open](https://youtu.be/gvjOaJWIvUo) |
| 200624 |   3.2   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Episode 3-2: Is This a Cooking Show? Or a Blacksmith Show? Yeri & Nayeon Towering Tasty Handmade Kimbap](https://youtu.be/ya9SrcP1awA) |
| 200626 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Behind the Scenes of Yeri's Room \#3: DJ TTO TTO Crying On Set After Eating Spicy Food](https://youtu.be/Wc3KbHk8e8A) |
| 200628 |   4.1   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | ['Yuri and Yeri! Yuri from Girl's Generation Visited 'Yerihan Bang''](https://youtu.be/KenDWX2dvIM)|
| 200701 |   4.2   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | [Yuri and Yeri's Encounter is Fate?! SM Family is United With Doggy Charms💜](https://youtu.be/9cZNRgQJ9tY)|
| 200702 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest (VR Edition)                | [Yeri X Nayeon's Signature Cookie VR Cooking Show Ep. 1](https://youtu.be/dSraAHkQPvQ) |
| 200702 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest (VR Edition)                | [Yeri X Nayeon's Signature Cookie VR Cooking Show Ep. 2](https://youtu.be/TwrWrBS1R6E) |
| 200703 |         |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | [[Behind the Scene of the Yeris Room #4] Yeri&Yuri unexpected couple item](https://youtu.be/PpgyvYl3sIQ) |
| 200706 |   5.1   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | ['Yuri's Set Meal' has come! DJ Yeri gave up her duty](https://youtu.be/n14rKzsv94s) |
| 200708 |   5.2   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | ["This is Yeri's table d'hôte and it's super yummy! Dear Yuri, just walk on tasty paths"](https://youtu.be/6uELmd2cIso) |
| 200710 |         |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | [YERI's Room (Behind the Scenes #5) - 'Yeri's Recipe, Zapaghetti + Super red pepper paste'](https://youtu.be/AoU7z-Cd538) |
| 200713 |   6.1   |                             with Wonder Girls Yubin as guest                       | [Girl Crush Yubin Unnie! Yeri's Fluttering Heart](https://youtu.be/Hekph3txWc4) |
| 200715 |   6.2   |                             with Wonder Girls Yubin as guest                       | ["Red Velvet X Wonder Girls, A collaboration of the century! Ddu Ddu is a successful Stan!"](https://youtu.be/9nKRQzqONlo) |
| 200716 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Yeri’s Room EP. 7-1 Preview: “IRENE & SEULGI in Yeri’s Room!! Yeri’s welcome dance preview”](https://youtu.be/I_BxCH8glkc) |
| 200720 |   7.1   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Such a Thrilling Invitation♥ Irene & Seulgi Arrived At Yerihan Bang @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/opXkgKUpFTA) |
| 200722 |   7.2   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi (w/ Joy)                | [Episode 7-2: A 'Monster' Host Yeri 😈 The Youngest On Top offers a Red Flavor Present to Irene X Seulgi ](https://youtu.be/P879uMisykc) |
| 200723 |         |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest (VR Edition)                   | [VR Episode 4: Mukbang 🍗 Yeri and Yuri's Appetizing Red Flavor](https://youtu.be/wJlbws3dWPU) |
| 200724 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Behind the Scenes of Yerihan Bang #7 - Why Did Irene Got Teary😭 Trying To Be a Subway Announcer?](https://youtu.be/f6vzx2FK6CE) |
| 200727 |   8.1   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Episode 8-1: MC Ddu Ddu as a host! Playing Jenga with Irene & Seulgi @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/VvWD3rgKy4U) |
| 200727 |   8.2   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Episode 8-2: Kim Yerim Got Blushy With All Her Screams😈 Risky Jenga Game 2 @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/OxdhVs1yBsk) |
| 200731 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Yeri's Room Behind The Scenes #8: "YouTube Silver Button Celebration Party with IRENE & SEULGI😍"](https://youtu.be/EFb6kgZctyE) |
| 200803 |   9.1   |                             with AKMU Chanhyuk                                     | [Yeri's Room EP. 9-1: "The Very First Male Guest of Yerihan Bang, AKMU Chanhyuk is Here](https://youtu.be/xG5q5slJjmk) |
| 200805 |   9.2   |                             with AKMU Chanhyuk                                     | [Episode 9-2: Yerihan Hwabang? Yerihan Mobang? Ddu Ddu in love with copying Chanhyuk @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/PC33Z5VtxgM) |
| 200806 |         |                             with AKMU Chanhyuk                                     | [Red Velvet Yeri (with AKMU Chanhyuk) - Behind the Scenes of Yeri's Room #9](https://youtu.be/rZVjCAxOYbU) |
| 200810 |  10.1   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | ["Just what in the world happened in Year 1999? Super Sociable Friends Yeri X Naeun X Doyeon"](https://youtu.be/GWCcPQElNjc) |
| 200812 |  10.2   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | ["Yeri's Drawing a Big Picture of Winning The Scene With The 99cone Synergy"](https://youtu.be/c0t483T0uRE) |
| 200814 |         |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | [Behind The Scenes #10: “Yeri, Naeun, Doyeon 😍 What do pretty kids do during their breaks?”](https://youtu.be/-iH6Ml7CQdE) |
| 200816 |  11.1   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | [Yeri X Naeun X Doyeon aka 99 Cones' Friendship Bracelets Yerihan Art Room](https://youtu.be/ErQ0DWTGLH0?list=PLfkJisPrtVpv-5CeQSbQKc9T_UB3JXuUY) |
| 200818 |  11.2   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | ["The Wealthy 99cone, Kim Yerim Debuted as a Stylist For Naeun's Comeback Stage"](https://youtu.be/v-Sj1UXo3Xw) |
| 200820 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [😈 Red Velvet Seulgi Gets Penalty! & Game room that's not done yet😵](https://youtu.be/Okaq3j8uLEQ) |
| 200824 |  12.1   |                             with actor Lee Hakjoo                                  | ["Movie Star 'Lee Hakjoo' Aka 'That bad guy' from 'The World of the Married' came over!"](https://youtu.be/sWMt1z-6SD4) |
| 200826 |  12.2   |                             with actor Lee Hakjoo                                  | ["Yeri Claims MBTI Is SCIENCE INFP Fam Yeri X Hak-joo Crazy Chemistry" ](https://youtu.be/t4xpG9uIzHM) |
| 200828 |         |                             with actor Lee Hakjoo                                  | ["Actor Lee Hak-joo (characteristic: handsome) undisclosed prior interview"](https://youtu.be/Z5CP7QYto3M) |

Commit message:

yeri's-room: add episode 11 bts

shows/yeri's-room.md, after:

# _Yeri's Room_

_Synopsis: YERI's very own Youtube reality show! It shows her daily life._

___
| Date   | Episode |                                       Notes                                        | Link                                                                             |
|--------|:-------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 200603 |         | Behind the Scenes for [Yeri's 200515 Instagram live](https://youtu.be/12n-HRwQWy0) | [Teaser - Insta Live Production Presentation\(?\)](https://youtu.be/usjqzAb7ngI) |
| 200605 |         |                            Making posters for the show                             | [Prologue - \#YERI's new mission?!](https://youtu.be/kRLxgQh5wls)                |
| 200608 |   1.1   |                                                                                    | [Lovely Streaming DJ Hot Debut with a Very Special Guest](https://youtu.be/Bkr5N3ySsro) |
| 200610 |   1.2   |                                                                                    | [※BEWARE YERI'S SMEAR ※ 'Yeri' The Talkative On The Grand Opening](https://youtu.be/nhbOzOzxRWc) |
| 200611 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON                                      | [Yeri X Nayeon get's into it](https://youtu.be/fC1WRdaOA_E)                      |
| 200612 |         |                                                                                    | [Behind the Scenes in Yeri's Room #1](https://youtu.be/LnL_4ShOKoA)              |
| 200615 |   2.1   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Our Friendship is So Spicy! It’s The Best!](https://youtu.be/5-40gjivVxI)       |
| 200617 |   2.2   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [A gourmand next to a gourmand 💜 Yeri X Nayeon Gourmand Chemistry](https://youtu.be/Ia_6YXOV3YU) |
| 200619 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Behind the Scene of the Yeri's Room \#2 : The day I meet Nayeon💜](https://youtu.be/oeXL8gXsPVI) |
| 200622 |   3.1   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Kimbap Destroyer Yeri & Back-of-Knife Cutting Master Nayeon! Yeri's Cooking Show Open](https://youtu.be/gvjOaJWIvUo) |
| 200624 |   3.2   |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Episode 3-2: Is This a Cooking Show? Or a Blacksmith Show? Yeri & Nayeon Towering Tasty Handmade Kimbap](https://youtu.be/ya9SrcP1awA) |
| 200626 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest                             | [Behind the Scenes of Yeri's Room \#3: DJ TTO TTO Crying On Set After Eating Spicy Food](https://youtu.be/Wc3KbHk8e8A) |
| 200628 |   4.1   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | ['Yuri and Yeri! Yuri from Girl's Generation Visited 'Yerihan Bang''](https://youtu.be/KenDWX2dvIM)|
| 200701 |   4.2   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | [Yuri and Yeri's Encounter is Fate?! SM Family is United With Doggy Charms💜](https://youtu.be/9cZNRgQJ9tY)|
| 200702 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest (VR Edition)                | [Yeri X Nayeon's Signature Cookie VR Cooking Show Ep. 1](https://youtu.be/dSraAHkQPvQ) |
| 200702 |         |                             with TWICE NAYEON as guest (VR Edition)                | [Yeri X Nayeon's Signature Cookie VR Cooking Show Ep. 2](https://youtu.be/TwrWrBS1R6E) |
| 200703 |         |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | [[Behind the Scene of the Yeris Room #4] Yeri&Yuri unexpected couple item](https://youtu.be/PpgyvYl3sIQ) |
| 200706 |   5.1   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | ['Yuri's Set Meal' has come! DJ Yeri gave up her duty](https://youtu.be/n14rKzsv94s) |
| 200708 |   5.2   |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | ["This is Yeri's table d'hôte and it's super yummy! Dear Yuri, just walk on tasty paths"](https://youtu.be/6uELmd2cIso) |
| 200710 |         |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest                                | [YERI's Room (Behind the Scenes #5) - 'Yeri's Recipe, Zapaghetti + Super red pepper paste'](https://youtu.be/AoU7z-Cd538) |
| 200713 |   6.1   |                             with Wonder Girls Yubin as guest                       | [Girl Crush Yubin Unnie! Yeri's Fluttering Heart](https://youtu.be/Hekph3txWc4) |
| 200715 |   6.2   |                             with Wonder Girls Yubin as guest                       | ["Red Velvet X Wonder Girls, A collaboration of the century! Ddu Ddu is a successful Stan!"](https://youtu.be/9nKRQzqONlo) |
| 200716 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Yeri’s Room EP. 7-1 Preview: “IRENE & SEULGI in Yeri’s Room!! Yeri’s welcome dance preview”](https://youtu.be/I_BxCH8glkc) |
| 200720 |   7.1   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Such a Thrilling Invitation♥ Irene & Seulgi Arrived At Yerihan Bang @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/opXkgKUpFTA) |
| 200722 |   7.2   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi (w/ Joy)                | [Episode 7-2: A 'Monster' Host Yeri 😈 The Youngest On Top offers a Red Flavor Present to Irene X Seulgi ](https://youtu.be/P879uMisykc) |
| 200723 |         |                             with SNSD Yuri as guest (VR Edition)                   | [VR Episode 4: Mukbang 🍗 Yeri and Yuri's Appetizing Red Flavor](https://youtu.be/wJlbws3dWPU) |
| 200724 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Behind the Scenes of Yerihan Bang #7 - Why Did Irene Got Teary😭 Trying To Be a Subway Announcer?](https://youtu.be/f6vzx2FK6CE) |
| 200727 |   8.1   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Episode 8-1: MC Ddu Ddu as a host! Playing Jenga with Irene & Seulgi @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/VvWD3rgKy4U) |
| 200727 |   8.2   |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Episode 8-2: Kim Yerim Got Blushy With All Her Screams😈 Risky Jenga Game 2 @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/OxdhVs1yBsk) |
| 200731 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [Yeri's Room Behind The Scenes #8: "YouTube Silver Button Celebration Party with IRENE & SEULGI😍"](https://youtu.be/EFb6kgZctyE) |
| 200803 |   9.1   |                             with AKMU Chanhyuk                                     | [Yeri's Room EP. 9-1: "The Very First Male Guest of Yerihan Bang, AKMU Chanhyuk is Here](https://youtu.be/xG5q5slJjmk) |
| 200805 |   9.2   |                             with AKMU Chanhyuk                                     | [Episode 9-2: Yerihan Hwabang? Yerihan Mobang? Ddu Ddu in love with copying Chanhyuk @ Yeri's Room](https://youtu.be/PC33Z5VtxgM) |
| 200806 |         |                             with AKMU Chanhyuk                                     | [Red Velvet Yeri (with AKMU Chanhyuk) - Behind the Scenes of Yeri's Room #9](https://youtu.be/rZVjCAxOYbU) |
| 200810 |  10.1   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | ["Just what in the world happened in Year 1999? Super Sociable Friends Yeri X Naeun X Doyeon"](https://youtu.be/GWCcPQElNjc) |
| 200812 |  10.2   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | ["Yeri's Drawing a Big Picture of Winning The Scene With The 99cone Synergy"](https://youtu.be/c0t483T0uRE) |
| 200814 |         |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | [Behind The Scenes #10: “Yeri, Naeun, Doyeon 😍 What do pretty kids do during their breaks?”](https://youtu.be/-iH6Ml7CQdE) |
| 200816 |  11.1   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | [Yeri X Naeun X Doyeon aka 99 Cones' Friendship Bracelets Yerihan Art Room](https://youtu.be/ErQ0DWTGLH0?list=PLfkJisPrtVpv-5CeQSbQKc9T_UB3JXuUY) |
| 200818 |  11.2   |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | ["The Wealthy 99cone, Kim Yerim Debuted as a Stylist For Naeun's Comeback Stage"](https://youtu.be/v-Sj1UXo3Xw) |
| 200820 |         |                             with Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi                         | [😈 Red Velvet Seulgi Gets Penalty! & Game room that's not done yet😵](https://youtu.be/Okaq3j8uLEQ) |
| 200821 |         |                             with APRIL Naeun and WEKI MEKI Doyeon                  | [Behind the Scenes of Yeri's Room #11: Bracelet Making Behind](https://youtu.be/CaFuCPM-kl0) |
| 200824 |  12.1   |                             with actor Lee Hakjoo                                  | ["Movie Star 'Lee Hakjoo' Aka 'That bad guy' from 'The World of the Married' came over!"](https://youtu.be/sWMt1z-6SD4) |
| 200826 |  12.2   |                             with actor Lee Hakjoo                                  | ["Yeri Claims MBTI Is SCIENCE INFP Fam Yeri X Hak-joo Crazy Chemistry" ](https://youtu.be/t4xpG9uIzHM) |
| 200828 |         |                             with actor Lee Hakjoo                                  | ["Actor Lee Hak-joo (characteristic: handsome) undisclosed prior interview"](https://youtu.be/Z5CP7QYto3M) |
